The sons of Isach were Tollah, Pure,
Jes, and Shiman, four in all. The sons
of Tollah were Azai,
Rafael,
Geriel,
Ji,
Gibson, and Shemuel, heads of their
father's house.
The sons of Tollah were mighty men of
valor in their generations.
Their number in the days of David was
22,600.
The son of Azai was Israia.
And the sons of Israia were Michael,
Obadiah, Joel, and Ishia.
All five of them were chief men.
And with them by their generations,
according to their father's houses, were
36,000 troops ready for war. For they
had many wives and sons.
Now their brethren among all the
families of Issach were mighty men of
valor listed by their genealogies
87,000 in all. The sons of Benjamin were
Beer, Bea, and Jediael,
three in all. The sons of Beer were
Esban, Azai, Aziel, Geramath, and I five
in all. They were heads of their
father's houses and they were listed by
their genealogies 22,034
mighty men of valor.
The sons of Bea were Zayra, Joash,
Eliza, Elioi,
Amry,
Geramath, Abijah,
Anithoth, and Alanth.
All these are the sons of Bea. And they
were recorded by genealogy according to
their generations, heads of their
father's houses, 20,200
mighty men of valor. The son of Jediahel
was Bilhan. And the sons of Bilhan were
Gosh, Benjamin, Ehood, Kaneana,
Zthan,
Thish and Ahishah.
All these sons of Jediahel were heads of
their father's houses. There were 17,200
mighty men of valor fit to go out for
war and battle.
Shapim and Hapim were the sons of and
Hushim was the son of Ahar. The sons of
Naphali were Jazziel, Guni, Jeser, and
Shalom, the sons of Bilhar.
the descendants of Manasseh.
His Syrian concubine bore him Mir, the
father of Gilead, the father of Asia.
Mir took as his wife, the sister of
Hapim and Shappim, whose name was Meaca.
The name of Gilead's grandson was
Zilofiad.
But Zilofhiad begott only daughters.
Mea the wife of Mia bore a son and she
called his name Pesh. The name of his
brother was Shir and his sons were Ulam
and Reikam.
The son of Ulam was
these were the descendants of Gilead,
the son of Mir, the son of Manasseh.
his sister Hamikth
or Ishad.
Abaiza
and Mala.
And the sons of Shimida were Ahan,
Sheckchham, Lei, and Ana. The sons of
Ephraim were Shuella. Bered his son,
Teahath his son, Eloda his son, Teahath
his son, Zebad his son, Shuella his son,
and Isa and Elliot.
The men of Gath who were born in that
land killed them because they came down
to take away their cattle. Then Ephraim
their father mourned many days and his
brethren came to comfort him. And when
he went into his wife, she conceived and
bore a son. And he called his name
Bariah because tragedy had come upon his
house. Now his daughter was Shira who
built lower and upper Beth Horin and
Azen Shira and Reefer was his son as
well as Rishef and Tie his son, Tahhan
his son, Leodan his son, Emihad his son,
Elisha his son, Nun his son, and Joshua
his son. Now their possessions and
dwelling places were Bethl and its
towns. To the east Naon, to the west
Giza and its towns, and Sheckchham and
its towns, as far as Aya and its towns,
and by the borders of the children of
Manasseh were Bethan and its towns,
Teanac and its towns, Megiddo and its
towns, Door and its towns. In these
dwelt the children of Joseph the son of
Israel.
The sons of Asher were Imna, Ishva,
Ishvi, Bariah, and their sister.
The sons of Bariah were Heba and
Malchiel who was the father of Biza. And
Heber begott Jaffllet, Shoma, Hotham,
and their sister Shua. The sons of
Jafflet were Pesak, Bimhal, and Ashvath.
These were the children of Jafflet. The
sons of Shima were Ahi, Rogger, Jihaba,
and Aaron. And the sons of his brother
Helm were Zofa, Imna, Sheileish, and
Amal. The sons of Zofur were sewer,
Hanifh, Shu, Beiri, Imra, Biza, Had,
Shama, Schilsha, Jithan, and Beira. The
sons of Jithther were Jifun, Pisper, and
A. The sons of Allah were A, Haniel, and
Rizia. All these were the children of
Asher, heads of their father's houses,
choice men, mighty men of valor, chief
leaders, and they were recorded by
genealogies among the army fit for
battle. Their number was 26,000.